VERSION 2.0.1
1. Added a direct stream to file for testing purposes.

VERSION 2.0.0
1. Added quit command.  This will attempt to exit gracefully if the tuners are not currently recording.
2. Added an local address override to the properties file.  This is to workaround some issues with certain Linux distros, and possibly machines with multiple IP addresses
3. Change property mediaserver.transfer default value from true to false.  Some machines seem to be struggling with transferring to sage using this method.

VERSION 1.2.5 (RC1)
1. Increased UDP receive buffer size to 262140
2. Added properties for ffmpeg.outputbuffersize, ffmpeg.inputbuffersize and mediaserver.outputbuffersize
3. Set default size for input/output buffers to 32768
4. Added signal quality output to the STATUS command
5. Set a short timeout on UDP read to try and reduce latency
6. Added a PrimeNetEncoder.bat file with recommended settings to pass to java

VERSION 1.2.4 (BETA)
1. Fixed mediaserver.transfer = false.
2. Added the ability for the OutputWatcher to reset the tuner if data is not produced in a timely fashion
3. Enhanced the exception handling in the TunerOutput thread.  This was causing issues with keeping the UDP port open
4. Set thread priority to TunerOutput to MAX.  Set thread priority to Watcher to MIN
5. Cleaned up some of the code that was double buffering streams.  This might have been causing performance issues
6. Added timeout to the UDP connections

VERSION 1.2.2 (BETA)
1. Added media server transfer
2. Using STDIN/STDOUT to transfer data between ffmpeg and PrimeNetEncoder
3. PrimeNetEncoder is handling Stream from HDHomeRun instead of ffmpeg
3. Added ffmpeg setting analyzeduration and probesize
4. Added tuner locking (Note: I do a force unlock when ever I start a new recording)
5. Modified discovery logic to only respond to discovery requests if there is not an active connection with SageTV server

VERSION 1.1.1
1. Added proper discovery logic so that Sage can auto discover PrimeNetEncoder tuners

VERSION 1.0.1
1. Better error handling when binding port is already in use.
2. Added setting for delay to wait for ffmpeg to fully start.
3. Added scaling property to the transcoding to allow resizing video
4. Adding setting for changing codec used for transcoding

VERSION 1.0.0
1. Initial public release

VERSION 0.0.3
1. Enhancement:  Added real-time transcoding

VERSION 0.0.2
1. Bug: The get file size routine has an issue with paths with spaces in them
2. Bug: Stopping recording does not stop the HDHomeRun if there is a firewall
3. Enhancement: Changed capture_config in the tuner properties for sage
4. Enhancement: Updated documentation to add all features and make some areas more clear
5. Enhancement: Added tuners.count to property file

VERSION 0.0.1
1. Initial Release